Fei'er, just listen to what Mr. Liu says.
If you can't change the money
He would have blown me up.
You can say this.
Fei'er's dad will kneel down and kowtow to you, okay?
Mayfair
What a loving father-daughter drama
This is the first time I've seen
The father took the initiative to buy his daughter's
You you you know shit
Can tie up the rich
It was the blessing his daughter had earned in her previous life.
Well said
Mr. Li is still very clear-headed.
Ahahahaha
Marrying a rich man is much better than watching TV anchors
However, based on Miss Li's beauty
What if you don't want to follow those old guys?
It's not impossible to follow me.
Ahahahahaha
If I'm not mistaken
Your first target should be him.
Debts must be repaid
People also need
Your line is long enough.
What does it mean?
I have heard that some major forces are using debt as an excuse.
Force families to offer their daughters to various wealthy families
Profit from it
That's what you do, right?
Even if you knew it, what would it matter?
The IOU is in my hand.
According to the rules of the road
Today, the Li family must pay the price
50 million for two hands
Isn't it too cheap for you?